feat: add deprecation rfc for this rfcs repo (#45)
gatsbyjs/rfcs: text/0000-move-rfcs-to-monorepo.md

> Cloning the Gatsby repository is becoming a little absurd due to its size

Adding more content, and moving content to the monorepo means that the RFC contribution workflow now has this initial sunk cost as its first step.

I contend that this is worth work doing regardless. The likelihood of opening an RFC and not then needing to (eventually) open a PR implementing the RFC is slim. In any scenario -- Github's existing tools for this, e.g. in-app editing, mitigate this cost and ensure that there are still mechanisms to add an RFC without cloning the repo.

## Separation of concerns

Some may claim that the implicit separation of concerns here is implicitly valuable. They may point to prior art, e.g. [reactjs/rfcs](https://github.com/reactjs/rfcs).

I contend that they aren't really separate concerns. A successful RFC leads to a merged pull request _in_ the open-source repo, so from this perspective it's reasonable to conclude that opening up an RFC alongside the eventual pull request makes intuitive sense and is worth doing.

# Alternatives

There are a few alternatives worth considering. Specifically:

## Keep this repo as-is

> We could not do this (of course) and keep the status quo. This has no drawbacks, and one positive in their is zero effort required to keep the status quo.

Author: ```suggestion
We could not do this (of course) and keep the status quo. This has no drawbacks, and one positive in that there is zero effort required to keep the status quo.
```
